Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
In House, I overloaded the constructor twice, once with no input parameters and once with only the input parameters used for the building constructor, with no parameters for the hasDiningRoom or hasElevator. I did these to provide more options for constructing the building, similarly to the overloading done in the Building class that was given to us. I also overloaded the constructors in both other classes (Cafe and Library) for the same reason. In Cafe I just overloaded the constructor for a case where there is no input parameters, and I did the same in the Library class. 

The other method I overloaded in House was moveIn method. I thought it made sense to be able to move 2 students in at once, because so many rooms are doubles, and students often move in together. In Cafe, I overloaded the sellCoffee method, so that a customer can order coffee with only the size specified, and will get a coffe of the size they want with no cream or sugar. I overloaded this method partially because it was the only one that made sense to overload, and also because it seems like a good method to have "default settings" for. In Library I also overloaded both the checkOut and returnBook methods so that you can check out or return 2 books at a time. I decided on these methods because I think it's pretty common to check out or return multiple books at once, so I wanted to make that possible in this project.

- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
I really appreciated being able to work on this assignment in class. I know that we've had class time to work on assigments in class once or twice before, and it is always really helpful, especially when I am just starting and the instructions are not really making sense to me. I also worked with my peer Tanisha Chetty on this which was helpful to motivate me. Overall, I think this assignment was pretty clear (unless I did something super wrong and misunderstood it... we'll see I guess) so I didn't get too stuck at any point. My advice is to work with other people!
